soul's world, human's world and god's world

parallel universes, plane shuttle or space-time fluctuation?


does the spirit or divinity exist? if it exists, how it exists? i believe that life could exist as a form of pure energy. so i believe that the spirit or divinity exist. the life in our world (the following descriptions are all represented by people.), for example, the people, in our own eyes, it is the physical existence of four-dimensional space-time. but it is also the condensation and evolution of a certain intensity of energy. everything in the world is a condensation of energy within a certain intensity range. the upper limit of the intensity of this interval is 'the speed of light is the fastest'. when a person dies, their energy is greatly lost, and part of the energy forms a soul, but it is not enough to maintain an internal and external balance with the energy intensity of this world. if it cannot enter another low-intensity energy layer in time (such as soul's world), it will be torn apart by hight-intensity energy, and its consciousness will be broken. perhaps there are souls that can still keep balance and stay in the human's world. such as spirit or ghost. the difference between the two is whether it is formed cause resentment. its shape is between the real and the virtual: similar to light's wave-particle duality. imagine: it can be detected by an energy detector, but it cannot be sensed by touch. just like most people cannot hear infrasound and ultrasound, most people cannot see ghost, except for some people who have 'yin-yang eyes'. if the energy intensity is very close to the upper limit, it can be called the existence of superman, the immortal or the divinity. when the energy intensity exceeds the upper limit, its form cannot be contained in the four-dimensional space-time where we are, and will be squeezed out of our world. what it can leave is only its projection in our world. it means that it becomes a god. since our world cannot accommodate the existence of this intensity, it will emit radiation. if it does not want to leave, he want to try to enter the world completely (as if a three-dimensional object is pressed to an extremely thin surface), he will continue to lose energy until our world can accommodate. this is the so-called turbid world erodes the divine's body. it needs to break the void into a high-intensity energy layer. a black hole may be a kind of entrance, a white hole is an exit, and a wormhole is a channel connecting two energy layers.

so, if an energy intensity dimension is added to the mind of the four-dimensional space-time to become a five-dimensional, it can cover the world concepts of soul's world, human's world and god's world.

compared with the human world, the energy intensity of the god's world is greater, and perhaps even the time density is also greater, so there is a saying that 'a day is above the sky, the world has been thousands of years'. in the same way, the energy's intensity and time's density of the human world are greater than that of the soul's world, so there is a similar saying that 'wandering around the soul's world in a trance'.
